Change language and weighting in various index pages (#620)
cert-manager/website: content/en/docs/configuration/_index.md

---

> title: "Issuer Configuration"

Author: I think my gut reaction is "cross that bridge when we come to it". If we end up with anything else called "configuration" or similar, we can re-arrange the subdirectories then. We could end up making sweeping changes to the site soon which could change more of these titles.

linkTitle: "Configuration"
weight: 30
type: "docs"
---

The first thing you'll need to configure after you've installed cert-manager will be an issuer
which will be used for signing your certificates.

This section documents how the different issuer types can be configured. You might want to
read more about `Issuer` and `ClusterIssuer` resources [here](../concepts/issuer/).

> cert-manager supports 'in-tree' issuer types - denoted by being in the `cert-manager.io`
> group - as well as external issuers which can be installed in addition to the in-tree types.
> Both in-tree and external issuers are treated the same and are configured similarly.

Reviewer: Suggestion:
```suggestion
cert-manager comes with a number of built-in certificate issuers - denoted by being in the `cert-manager.io`
group. Additionally external issuers can be installed in addition to the built-in ones.
Both built-in and external issuers are treated the same and are configured similarly.
```
.. or something such with the idea to just communicate the fact that there are built-in issuers + external issuers are a thing too.

Author: This reads a lot better as "built-in" for sure. I'm not sure why I didn't drop use of "in-tree" originally! Thanks :grin:
